b'TIL That the Sacramento Public Library started a "Library of Things" earlier this year, allowing patrons to check out, among other things, sewing machines and other items that patrons may find useful, but don\'t need to own long-term.'
b'"The US State Department has approved a $1.29 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia, which includes as many as 13,000 precision guided weapons or smart bombs. The sale comes as Human Rights Watch charges that Saudi airstrikes in Yemen \'have indiscriminately killed and injured civilians.\'"'
b'Didnt know where else to put this, my dads just found this in a sock bought from Primark can anyone translate?'
b"TIL that while John and Clarence Anglin, 2 of the 3 men who ever escaped from Alcatraz, were officially reported to have drowned in the bay, their mother received flowers anonymously every Mother's Day until she died, and two very tall unknown women were reported to have attended her funeral."
b'conversion chart I painted on a cupboard door...turned out better than I expected!'
b'Best Facebook profile picture ever'
b'Hello, tiny human'
b'This hotel is very...accommodating'
b'A chemist at CSU invented a biodegradable and recyclable non-petroleum bioplastic'
b'Texas company gives all 1,381 employees $100,000 bonuses for Christmas -- more than $138 million'
b'Zooey Deschanel without bangs'
b'El Chapo declares war on ISIS. "I will have their heart and tongue torn from them.\xe2\x80\x9d'
b'The great tumbleweed migration of 2015'
b"Kid's take on tornado safety"
b'Sometimes you just wanna touch him'
b'Cat photobombs a family picture'
b'Royal Caribbean cruise lines was given permission to anchor on a protected reef ... so it did.'
b"My single sister's very single Christmas cards. 2015 update."
b'This airport has a area to recombobulate'
b"Bill Gates thinks the 1% should foot the bill for renewable energy, and he's offering the first $2B."
b"These polar bear cookies at Starbucks look like they've all had their throats slit."
b'NASA releases new composite image of Titan, showing Earth-like surface'
b'Patrick Stewart looks amazing at 75'
b"Alton Brown reviews Amazon's dumbest kitchen gadgets"
b'Multi-use dog'
b'Salvador Dali at a book signing, taken with a fisheye lens, 1963'
b'My latest art purchase'
b'Marijuana has huge influence on Colorado tourism, state survey says. A recent Colorado Tourism Office survey of summer travelers shows 48 percent were influenced by legal recreational pot.'
b'Czech president speaks out against granting EU membership to Turkey. Although Turkey is a NATO member-state, sometimes it behaves as if it were an ally of the Islamic State terrorist grouping, Milos Zeman says'
b'Trump cancels trip to Israel after Netanyahu releases statement about Trump\'s proposed Muslim ban, saying Israel "respects all religions and strictly guarantees the rights of all its citizens."'
b"My brother's cat's reaction to new furniture"
b'I never realized how short a month is until I started paying rent'
b'"I\'ll just squeeze through here..."'
b"Eighty children get chickenpox at Brunswick North West Primary, a school that calls for 'tolerance' of vaccine dodgers"
b'You spin my head right round, right round'
b'Meet Honey Bee, the blind cat that loves to hike'
b'TIL that some areas in Scotland and Japan switched to blue street lights at night and saw a decrease in crime and suicide rates.'
b'The American Middle Class Is Losing Ground: No longer the majority and falling behind financially (direct link to source)'
b'TIL The Simpsons episode guest starring Rob Halford, \'Steal This Episode,\' mistakenly referred to Judas Priest as death metal. After fans complained, a following episode had Bart chalking "Judas Priest is not death metal" in the introduction.'
b"My flight's boarding pass is wooden"
b'A fundamental quantum physics problem has been proved unsolvable'
b"Sweden's employment agency has said foreign-born residents will make up 60% of Sweden\xe2\x80\x99s unemployed by 2017"
b'Meet my upstairs neighbour'
b'TIL that when Steven Spielberg first saw a CGI animatic of the T. rex chasing a herd of Gallimimus, he told the go motion creator on set "you\'re out of a job", who in turn replied "don\'t you mean extinct?" The dialogue was later written into the script as a conversation between Malcolm and Grant.'
b'PsBattle: Jeb Bush Getting Felt-Up at a Rally'
b'Early signs of winter in Ciuca\xc8\x99 Mountains in Romania [1927x1280][OC]'
b"'I fell and penetrated her by accident,' millionaire rape suspect claims in court"
b'TIL Just 67% of Netflix users still pay for cable TV, compared to 80% in 2014 and 88% in 2010'
b'A very attractive lemon'
b'What is your golden rule?'
b'Star Wars Battlefront Real Life Mod'
b'TIL that after hearing the Slim Shady EP, Dr Dre told his staff "Find him. Now"'
b"Want to know about cars? Here's a website that gives details of every part of a car with detailed pictures"
b"Redditors who have a job that requires you to go into strangers homes, what is the craziest thing you've seen?"
b'PsBattle: Ewan McGregor on a greenscreen set in a greenscreen suit.'
b"LPT: Don't ask someone who is grieving to call if they need anything. You should take the initiative."
b'"Mom? Don\'t freak out, but I\'m in the hospital..."'
b'\xe2\x80\x98Nathan For You\xe2\x80\x99 Gets Fourth Season From Comedy Central'
b"How It's Made: Oranges"
b'How people actually see America'
b'Made my husband a fallout 4 inspired pipe rifle for Christmas (x-post from fo4)'
b'El Chapo tells ISIS his men will destroy them: The world\xe2\x80\x99s most wanted drug lord has declared war on the Islamic State, promising the terror group\xe2\x80\x99s leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, that his narcotics cartel will wipe them off the planet.'
b'If I were a ghost, id haunt people by knocking on their door as soon as they started masturbating.'
b"People who can't say no, what is the worst thing you ended up doing for someone?"
b'This hotel proudly serves Starbucks hot water'
b'Inner Workings'
b'If I had a PhD, I\'d buy takeout a lot, and when it got to me I\'d say "this is just what the doctor ordered."'
b"Wu Tang's $2 million album has a clause where they or Bill Murray can steal it back"
b'I am Jon Snow, British journalist and newscaster. AMA'
b'Waves break with thunderous force high over the rocky shores below the peaks of Torres Del Paine near sunset. [1800x1185] Photo by Marc Adamus'
b"I had blood drawn this morning. Later in the day I lost my virginity. My virgin blood still exists somewhere on earth, but it's not in me."
b'I should name it "The Roberto"'
b"Monty Python and the Holy Grail's censor negotiation letter from 1974"
b'Mina stampede deaths three times higher than acknowledged by Saudi authorities, up to 2,411 compared to 769 official figures'
b'TIFU By holding a door open for a female co-worker.'
b'The first official poster for the stop-motion animated Kubo and the Two Strings (2016) from Laika (Coraline, ParaNorman, The Boxtrolls)'
b"'Zootopia' Official Spoof Posters"
b"Whales Born before 'Moby Dick' in 1851 Still Cruising the Ocean Today"
b'Best Buy installed a Bosch dishwasher that shocks you when touched. Here, I use a voltage meter and it shows voltage inches away from the dishwasher.'
b'When you lose your companions in fallout 4'
b'ELI5: What is the Every Student Succeeds Act? What does it want to change in K-12 education and how is it better than No Child Left Behind?'
b'A human brain with no ridges'
b'My friend got invited to an ugly Christmas sweater party, I think she wins *NSFW*'
b'Can someone find the artist who did this?'
b'Colbert Slips to 4th Place in Late-Night Race, Beaten By Seth Meyers Who Airs One-Hour Later'
b'TIFU by calling out my student for sleeping in class'
b'Science AMA series: I\xc2\xb4m Guillermo Velasco, Associate Professor of Biochemistry at Complutense University in Madrid, Spain. I do research on the anticancer activity of Cannabis and its derivatives and I am here to talk about it. AMA!'
b'I found a first edition of Dr. Seuss - The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins at my local Goodwill for $2'
b"Realized I'm dressed like my grill."
b'Someone bought an Australian cat'
b'Forget Price is Right, Wheel of Fortune and Millionaire, this guy has the largest set of balls I hav'
b'Hi, I\xe2\x80\x99m Andrew, here at Google and I\xe2\x80\x99m with the team that built the Pixel C...Ask Us Anything!'
b'Beloved Interviewer Nardwuar Suffers Stroke | NOISEY'
b"[Image] Don't Be Average"
b'How a lot of people see America.'
b'Concrete Propane-Fueled Fire Table made from an Ikea Lamp'
b'ELI5: How can these Whiskey Co. keep up with mass production, and say they age for 10+ years?'
b'Major Russian Muslim group has issued a fatwa against ISIS, reviling them as \xe2\x80\x98enemies of Islam\xe2\x80\x99 and calling for the punishment of all its members as criminals.'
b'Striking Apollo 15 Earth Photo'
b'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 Trailer (2016) - Paramount Pictures'
b"The Martian is Barack Obama's favourite film of 2015, While the first lady opted for Inside Out"
b'A website that ranks nearby Emergency Rooms by their wait time, quality, and travel time in the US'
b'[NSFW] What made you lose your innocence?'
b'why was the 6 month old African baby crying?'
b'She likes to be up high, the more unstable the better.'
b'Met a new friend on my walk home last night.'
b"94-yr-old grandpa recently lost wife of 60 years, so borrowed a coworker's puppy to cheer him up"
b'Tough to be Irish'
b'The only reason that "showerthoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the rare times when you have no access to the internet so therefore you have to make thoughts of your own.'
b'Archery with feet'
b'Can depression and other mood disorders decrease mental ability? Can it make you dumber?'
b'US Intel: ISIS May Have Passport Printing Machine, Blank Passports'
b'Stunning view from ISS by Kjell Lindgren'
b'How would you spell the noise a lightsaber makes?'
b'Made a Pizza today'
b"Alton Brown reviews Amazon's dumbest kitchen gadgets"
b"[Serious] Redditors who have lawfully killed someone, what's your story?"
b"Former Drone Pilots Denounce 'Morally Outrageous\xe2\x80\x99 Program | NBC News (2015)"
b'/r/reversegif should just be called /r/fig'
b'Dogs that immediately regretted their poor life choices'
b"Wendelstein 7-x (Germany's experimental nuclear fusion reactor) worked! Here's its plasma!"
b'Most accurate measurement yet finds that an electron will live 66,000 yottayears, which is about five quintillion times the current age of the universe.'
b"Facebook user faces 32 years in prison for clicking 'Like'"
b'My bank wants you to believe their doors are extremely difficult to open'
b'Play Slap Kirk (stress relief - move mouse pointer side to side)'
